== BandBlitz (67-272 Final Project)

After forming a band, Ahmed realizes that he needs to do something to publicize 
his performances. He started off with a simple website, but soon realized that his 
band would get much more exposure if there were a central site that bands could 
go to and advertise themselves and where they’re playing to the local community. 
Your task this semester is to build a band promotion system that, among other 
things, will allow a band manager to register an account, add a band to the site, 
upload a picture and a sample song, and list where the band is playing next. A 
band member can also register on the site, but is limited to only updating their 
band (a band manager can fully manage a band, including deleting a band). Of 
course, the site needs administrators who have full control over all bands and 
users registered on the site. The average user, however, will be a fan looking for 
bands they like playing in the area.

== Creating and managing an account on the system

There are three types of users that will interact with the site. The first is the ‘fan’. 
A fan doesn’t have to register with the site, but should be able to see a list of 
bands registered on the site and have the ability to click on a band to bring up 
more information on the band, including a band photo, a sample song, the music 
genre that the band belongs to, and where and when the band is playing next. 
Users registered with the site include the last two categories: A band manager, 
once registered, has the ability to create new bands as well as update and delete 
the bands that the manager has created. A site administrator has the ability to 
manage all aspects of the site, including users, bands, and genres.

== Details about Bands

The first thing most band managers do after creating an account is to set up a 
band. A typical band has a name and description, a genre or genres, a date it is 
playing and its start time. Additionally, a band manager can upload a photo of 
the band as well as a sample a song. The band manager must be able to see a list 
of all the bands the manager manages and have the ability to update or delete 
them.

An administrator, once logged in, will need to have the list of all bands and the 
ability to update or delete them. Additionally, the site administrator should have 
a separate menu that allows the admin to read, update, and delete users and 
genres. Finally, the administrator should have a way of upgrading a registered 
user to admin status.

== Creating and managing an account on the system

Once you have finished and submitted your ERD, wireframe, and RSpec tests for 
your BandBlitz site, I will provide a standard ERD and RSpec tests, and 
instructions to help with CanCan authorization and CarrierWave file manager 
gems that you can use to build the site.

== Tools

RSpec Tests
<tt> https://www.dropbox.com/sh/8iwxzzor359ua7o/iLjcHOjSmw </tt>